Iran continues to flaunt his hostility
toward America and to support terror
this is a regime that has something to
hide from the civilized world risk of
inaction are far greater risk match will
take whatever action is necessary and
our freedom and our secure it is not
knowable how long that conflict with
last it could last six days six piece i
doubt six months
I really do believe we will be creators
the American celebrated a rebellion
against us occupation was brewing
million she began to fight each other
and in rock became fertile territory for
the Americans greater enemy the black
flag of al-qaeda was this week waste are
able to e1 city emotional now under the
control of jihadis than on creating a
new Islamic nation
al-qaeda is diminished over where it was
say certainly several years ago American
intelligence official told CNN today
that Isis is I just want to call them
now incredible alternative to al-qaeda
the extremist group made an important
new games this weekend in Syria in Iraq
Isis now controls eighty percent of
unbar profits just to the west of
Baghdad and the terrorist group is still
advancing
yeah
channel Islam should have neptr enough
to electrical iron hammer double it for
doing rica in earlier and architectural
up kingdom he is a battalion aptamer for
the had a miracle would leak at the
corner general admin Center have what
you're doing America let me and chels
proper habitat would hammered below
director part to stop and recap mean
Aloha either be don't let's clear media
cabinet with the co-winner medina is
told by the independent data nodes are
nothing
Adelina wasn't willing to put on the
boiler national metalizer and Marvin a
nice little and modernizer and Dina she
said bill to suffer alone and recover
talk will be another shadow in makati
how they'll open their behalf
so right now there are many countries
and different groups fighting against
Isis and they're saying they will defeat
Isis what do you think will happen
I can't bend over boy like Venus you
only care about the same with your list
for you that the heart of duly with a
cool island historical I smelled it is
their mere well a excellent seller what
I'm happy shadow Walker but there are
talks of what is the house are you who
are mama either like whatever there's
like a little workout shape national mr.
how it all soon and I was so wrong
au madinat 82 stairwell or stomping
media 200 media island maybe you somali
he was seldom la almudena tu hija de
ella no somos el amor de navidad es
Salaam Salaam yet is aman allah almighty
to como estas Antonia is a lot of solid
inna allaha duly noted eventually alum
kuala de palma shot steamy affair since
the u.s. withdraw the Islamic state
swept across Iraq gaining control of
almost a third of the country including
its second-largest city most there are
now three major front lines between Iraq
and the territory controlled by the
Islamic state we visited all of them
this post is dividing line between and
fighter just put a flag which is for 500
meters with my supplies that mortar
yeah
these local tribal fighters through at
stopping Isis from getting to back that
up
this corner just go ahead
yeah
we're gonna show
threat from Isis snipers was very real
only three months earlier this video was
recorded during a similar firefight was
firing how it normally and you can bet
they're enjoying themselves and say what
is not careful they said that women here
until the wii's yeah all i see how am i
selfish and not in Fallujah I want the
paradigm I many a battle best fliers you
not inspire myself a piano being home
when it comes to humanely doesn't matter
any and continue thinking whole long
here right now someone there later time
for that I had fun center from the luck
i don't have a higher the semester deal
but they're mazeed and agile and the way
through multiple anyway but we are short
on supplies and weapons when you say
sure what you mean . er morning you left
earlier era at the hearing will actually
happen
real to me if you make it in front of
these and the house when I said this
number one they're saying but now i'm
going to use the tank fire at the
position with this like the one to help
me somebody in your head decision that
will get a while Obama water lines now
you lose your land together rushing off
the other hand side will also let
everybody know that it to find out how
Iraq went from mission accomplished to
the Islamic state we spoke to ryan
crocker one of the most decorated
diplomats in US history
he worked alongside General David
Petraeus during the worst years of the
war was appointed by president george w
bush to try to turn things around
no one would deny that Saddam was a
brutal dictator killed hundreds of
thousands of people in unimaginable way
is is life in Iraq 44 min Iraqis now
worse than it was then
iraq today exceeded my worst nightmares
I think all one has to do is is look at
the cash accounts as many as died in
Saddam's prisms or at the hands of his
desk loves far more or dying each day in
Iraq now as bad as things were under
Saddam they were never they were never
this bad invasion of iraq was supposed
to lead to a democratic and pluralistic
state in the Middle East a shining
example to its neighbors in a country
that pose no threat to the United States
when it actually achieved was the exact
opposite in your view is the u.s. more
likely to face a terrorist attack from
the rocky soil today and it was under
Saddam Hussein i never saw a terrorist
threat from Iran now there is the
greatest of those threats now comes from
Isis we were able to take huge areas of
sunni-dominated Iraq with astonishing
ease they had much greater number the
u.s. trained and supplied Iraqi army
crumble decisis advanced often leaving
huge amounts of weapons and vehicles
behind as they fled when we pulled out
and when the Iraqi politics increasingly
became denominated in sectarian terms
that was a very fertile ground for
Islamic state since the invasion of Iraq
the problems they have increasingly
become a conflict between Sunni and
Shiite the two main sect of Islam this
has been exacerbated by Iraq's mixed
population and its geographical position
between the two competing regional
powers Sunni Saudi Arabia and she Iran
and it shouldn't have been too hard to
see that this highly tenacious al-qaeda
element would feed on an environment in
which sectarian policies from Baghdad
would lead to a highly disaffected
Sunnis community and a great recruiting
ground on the one hand and a demoralized
population
that would not resist them on the other
today following almost 13 years of war
Iraq is effectively divided into three
separate state divided along sectarian
or ethnic lines sunni-shiite and cut
eighty percent of Anbar province is
currently under Isis control the only
way into the few areas that have yet to
fall across a narrow and temporary
bridge this small bridge is now the only
way in and out of my profits explosions
chaos with everyone trying to get
supplies in cheer vegetables for gas and
this entire family they look at look at
$TIME in the morning session to carry
because of the ongoing violence over 3
million people have fled their homes and
many and now living in makeshift camps
saying they're 250 families living here
mostly from Fallujah and each tent is
housing between eight and 15 people so i
left now no possibility of job would
your daddy helps a little more younger
the better when my article I know
starting out here to marek button and
mission beach model built no hydrogen's
god I was old or older gentleman that I
mean about down there but I felt too
short to be heard you play a lot of not
another social identity j martin and i
are you with my operation my selection
who are limited la maja be large i wanna
hand up
ya know a little high . assignment
getting theater with apple and other
than myself here happened that one
the main for stopping is taking over
completely here these Sunni tribal
fighters who are supposed to be getting
support from Baghdad after the USB world
there are 600 volunteers here preparing
to join the frontline so we're on our
way to see a volunteer force just
volunteered apparently get some very
basic training no salary and haven't
even got weapons so this is not a
working on me this is just local people
who have to fight nice if not i'm not
sure that my mother
well cool woman and you're not a while
had haha watercolor that the car because
it hasn't gotten alot going back
these men have to share guns to do
target practice 600 men I've got caught
6 ak-47 volunteer army no supplies from
the US or from the Iraqi government
saying that every male who can fire is
volunteering to fight the youngest
volunteer is 17 and suspected for being
given
and they're all this is 730 me these
recruits will join the Sunni tribal
fighters who are part of the amber
awakening when former insurgents were
persuaded to join us forces in the fight
against Al Qaeda this was one of the
most successful efforts of the entire
war and these men were supposed to be
rewarded for the role they played they
were largely abandoned with nowhere left
to turn they initially welcomed the rise
of Isis petaluma Galahad the Greek
calendar was no you're planning a
journalist with I should let your son of
hidden behind a planner to help with Jon
01 haha no Marcus my husband joined her
George
huh tubular has my salam where have you
been gone now for tonight she whined
about how to unlock their submission a
know that this frontline a small number
of Iraqi government troops had been sent
to a bar to help but nowhere near enough
know what God would have not shot well I
know does mean about marketing and today
I'm not with workouts about Josh and
inhomogeneous the will actually work .
under so what the salt and your about
fear and our lives
the house without Hamilton what is our
party and then ocular heart and let me
dr. Holland had the other charge what
they liked his fighters managers have a
little party dash home
how do you feel that's none of my
condition yourself at the NFR and
someone to sit with our attic or for
dinner and your last job you're not
going to do is I jumped by other jobs
and idolized slices in those trees years
because your armored vehicle in the kind
of no-man's land between you has been
blown up and burn they said they
attacked it with Abrams tank you've got
ambar waking tribal fighters and some
Iraqi army fighters using American
supplied tank to attack Isis fighters in
American supplied and install them
vehicles
the orthotics Allah this fighting here
almost every day with such little
support the tribes have to make do with
whatever they can get their hands on
ok i was introduced to a man called the
Lion of a maria who's the main weapons
maker for this front
I don't want you to give us her father
clear no I'm not humid answer it cannot
discuss it hadn't happened . not that
Malcolm and I talked about the slider
full of the new besides only one getting
I'm not is it was your grandmother my
name is belong to form of academy my new
tactic every marathon
I've been flown about nothing but with
different how the body how much does a
good boy that's open that coupon idea
they invaded the country they destroyed
the right and the army
what is that these used to be Saddam's
weapons
yes these are the weapons of mass
destruction will have this is my
daughter Charlotte reminder of the
methodology shortly after we left ramadi
the capital of Anbar province also fell
to Isis having failed to get support me
the Washington or Baghdad many ambar
tribal leaders declared their allegiance
to Isis at the end of $MONTH 2015 the
Iraqi army aided by US airstrikes and
special forces retook Ramadi we
interviewed a captured Isis fighter he
claimed that recent gains by the Iraqi
government a meaningless
I need some sort of Muslim so the most
on the fan a kidney
have you decided on my channel and I
think you know a lot of behind ya son
had tell mom about and wonderful about
someone I don't need your John
multi-dimensional you don't have that
wonderful time when salman khan having
someone to her there Johnny I wanna
thank you i am going to miss you set up
for how about how the actual at mathura
napanee do you think Isis will win
dr. area and other career strategies oh
you and other monitor Manning don't know
someone so so well in Northeast Iraq
another group is fighting Isis the pesh
MERGA at the army of Kurdistan a
semi-autonomous state within Iraq
established after the first Gulf War so
we're on our way to another front line
with Isis one of the many frontlines
this one man by the Kurdish Peshmerga
and before we even got there
there's black smoke on the horizon
schmatta have so far been successful
against Isis how they I'm that way and
give you up but I'm glad PS my guests
can do you do she answered the questions
he lived without war after she has
announced the latest CBS medical team i
will get home one national leader man
shot Noah starting as a resistance
fighter against the damn commanded year
has been a fish burger for 33 years he
showed us an example of the dangers they
face on the front line every day a
little bit each other gun home soon and
I need it we got in your cafeteria sorry
i've been engaged for a debate done in
butler your shade mundo on the dollar my
the Peshmerga had real success against
Isis recently but they're getting no
support the outside world they have been
paid salaries from bank
over a year and they said America is not
giving them anything like the equipment
weapons that they need like the Anbar
tried the Peshmerga have to defend
themselves with whatever they can get
their hands on often constructing war
machines more ordinary parts and vehicle
is bomb-proof trucks and Humvees stolen
from Isis was stolen from the Iraqi
government who were supplied by the
American nearby village which is control
is still hear the planes about
so this is the closest position to the
IC positions how I'm how they died so
much that worm you're going up there and
get this little piece of decoration is
my sign me up like saying Kurdish
Peshmerga like everyone with like
bullying that I realized I'm not gonna
be doing all weekend shall I give thanks
and overcome is your passion i got the
Sun well this is all good news for the
fight against Isis it could be bad news
for the future of Iraq State freshman
girl fight under their own flag not the
flag of iraq so any success they have
further destabilize the region are you
fighting to defeat Isis now for Iraq are
you fighting to defeat Isis and then
have a free independent Kurdistan well I
think he said horace ryouiki I'm guns
anak I've been an hour picking much Lori
and where to start but you like you are
doubles four year was working he said
then we issue number our misery Barzani
the Chancellor of the Kurdistan Region
Security Council agreed
400 years they've tried to make this
country where it doesn't because it is
built on the wrong foundations and is it
now time to admit or accept the Rockies
now three-time wasn't admitting it or
not this is the reality
Iraq has been divided practically if you
look shells are controlling the shower
areas Isis is controlling most of the
city areas and cursor control in the
credit areas it is a failed state and if
everybody wants to create their own
force that is our enforcement of
dividing the country so this is dustin
dashing that's him and this is one so
just to the bottom of this small hill is
a village and that's connected devices
barely two kilometers away several SUVs
it'll pick up driving around they're
saying they're all Isis there's no
science civilian how many 52 there do
you know you have any idea why somebody
would do something invited to supplement
so for the time being this is any border
between Curtis time and a central
Atlantic State
everyone's getting ready for their night
shift and 7pm to 7am is apparently
almost like what I'm gonna get attack
no one's and sleep 10-12 out and about
people coming from all over the world
coming back to the homeland urging
everybody able-bodied it seems
volunteered to come back and help out
bar
thank you John and check him
hanging out with David notorious see
nothing funny well and
yeah
Iraqi Kurdistan has become a sanctuary
for many of the minorities whose lives
are in danger like this family of your
cds a small religious sect who Isis had
attempted to exterminate so they walked
eight days through the mountains and
fled Isis but i think it's three elderly
women to younger women one young man and
don't 10-12 kids including several
babies wonder how highly made the
journey for the i'm warden global you
guys havin my bass damn darling about
shadow question o people of the job
living up
she
for tents three more kids
yeah so how many people living here
first next time again Monday informative
video
HS said I love being made which of thing
never got that will not work unless
they're gonna look up the shot haha
national she wasn't gonna bother me but
it does include actually not you don't
know in my heart the managed to escape
prices they have their lives but what
lives that the problems in Iraq today
can be traced back to several decisions
made at the start of the campaign days
after president bush announced the end
of combat operations he installed l paul
bremer former diplomat who had never
served in the Middle East to lead the
coalition provisional authority within
weeks he announced the disbanding of the
Iraqi military and a process called the
modification the Baathist was too damn
Hussein's political party
nearly everyone who worked for the Iraqi
government had to be a member there for
most of the capable experienced people
running rocks government or military
were purged 500,000 active duty members
of the security forces were suddenly
fired the de-baathification campaign
fueled the initial anti-coalition
insurgency in those years wouldn't take
a great stretch of imagination to think
that an officer dismissed for no good
reason except suspicions about his
loyalty is going to say I know where I'm
going and and wind up coming
the opposing count desperate for iraqi
prime minister who could stem the
violence you have settled on Nouri
al-maliki almost unknown member of one
of Iraq main sheer opposition groups had
been living in exile for over 23 years
this would have a huge effect on US
policy which was supposed to be creating
a government to represent all Iraqis
irrespective of their creed or ethnicity
Prime Minister Nouri al-maliki who had
come of age in a clandestine religious
party that was relentlessly pursued
nearly exterminated by Saddam Hussein
why is this important as
commander-in-chief when he looked at
senior field positions in his armed
forces he cared about one thing only
loyalty the Maliki government used their
newfound power not to unite the country
but to take revenge on the Sunni
minority who had ruled Iraq for decades
there was a generalized view that if you
are Sunni you were going to have a very
very hard time trying to live in Iraq in
the Mallik years
sectarian violence spiraled out of
control entire areas were purged of
Shiites Sunnis thousands of Iraqis were
killed every month for the country look
to be collapsing exhausted by the
bloodshed when Rocky's turned out to
vote in $MONTH 2010 they voted for the
non-sectarian candidate Seattle aoi
though he won more votes than anyone
else
he didn't have enough to form a majority
despite his awful record and his
second-place finish Nouri al-maliki was
allowed another term in office to find
out what effect this had we spoke to ali
Gary for my advisor 25 u.s. ambassadors
he was the longest continuously serving
American in Iraq we were I believe this
close to strategic victory or at least
avoiding strategic defeat the Obama
White House chose to ignore the
elections results are normal market
became mr. for a second term and drove
the country over the cliff
I believe the major events in Iraq i'm
not sure how well known that is in the
US and yet you're making it sound like
that was one of the biggest mistakes of
the entire wall so bushes original sin
was invading in 2003 and Obama's
original sin was not respecting the
Iraqi election results or the
constitutional prices in two thousand
and without any shadow of a doubt we
spoke to a Christian family who had fled
their home in Mosul about what life was
like under the Maliki government lucky
magician Malik is our support for Jason
my lucky fishin hat
Jenny mia your me a dumb little bit your
media 50 show me other than online and
you'll never be doing much it's not any
motion machine or muslin she's known as
ID nearly done with the morning hosts a
house or I'm didn't know what a dream
one of the captured Isis fighters who we
interviewed said the same thing about
life under the Maliki government and can
explain why you joined an innocent
headline in for once I don't start a job
you want but no fillin ceiling on come
on yahoo shell / month huh why don't I
the automatic pilot that and they're
genuine hand we any idea that would you
understand that for many Iraqis and if
you're a Christian or Sunni record life
under the Maliki government could be
very bad i don't understand then joining
a group who are them beheading people
and burning people to death and making
young girls
to enter slaves honey chicken lettuce
tom so bad
Sarah
my sister and here I that's 10
understand i mean the things i described
they publish videos of them doing these
things with smiles on their faces
so if you are free now would you would
you go back and join them again for line
matters i work shortly job
we met other refugees who have been
lucky to escape Isis with their lives
they had fled not from Iraq all the way
from Syria a journey of over 400 miles
they could comfort and nice done that we
couldn't glad i'm not going to go there
another question and Mandela must lead
others agreed to go to shows you could
say you want little chocolate there was
a bit to publish coconut oh gosh hot and
I gotta go
but you don't wanna get shot too
I'm gonna do what I don't get it again
this incredible standing is just on this
one Street we've got easy families who
fled gases at the end of the road here
there are Christians millionaires a
cache family from kobani in Syria got
the system tiny tiny humans only people
with lives with it was destroyed
evidence of another group having success
against Isis the Shiite militias who
played a major role in insurgency
killing many US troops and then in the
sectarian war killing many Sunnis they
maintain close ties to Iran and
sometimes even commanded by major
general Qasim sulemani the leader of the
Iranian could force in charge of all
foreign military operations since these
militias so closely linked to share that
government in Baghdad they're also
indirectly supplied by the US the most
organized parties happen to be the sheer
Islamist parties had been created or
subsidized by the Iranians since the
nineteen seventies and they took
advantage of that investment the
dividends paid off quite well
Iraq is more polarized the number and
Baghdad is falling under an Iranian
orbit which is furthering the
polarization of the society which is
strengthening Isis and radical Leticia
groups like the Iraqi militias
we were able to meet up with one of the
most notorious Shiite militias the body
organization as they were preparing to
retake the city of Tikrit from Isis we
were taken on a tour of towns that had
recently recaptured
so these are all Americans supplied
either directly or indirectly Humvees
and wraps and we didn't just see us
supplied weapon we also saw Iranian
weapons on display it was clear with the
fighters loyalty late got like what
problem
there we met with the leader of the
batter organization how do i marry how
confident are you that Isis will be
defeated in Iraq and just behind where I
lotsa get me i should make quick little
they know that cool where and but
lovable it like that while the leaders
of these militias were confident in
their ability to be Isis the captured
fighters we spoke to were not shaken by
the threat right now there are many
different groups attacking Isis saying
they will defeat Isis on a mind heart
and astronomy outer attach it here and
you're not you're here didn't I you I
showed me 200 units you did you money
Julian doing Harvey understand muscle
but Mr later born management is so
listen so beyond being artists it was
having your hand a scholar had his
go-ahead hollow slide off your feeling
on a long putter lynnwood even if he's
wrong and Shiite militias duty Isis that
may not be good news for the future of
Iraq idlebury the nineteen seventies was
a radical militant cheers longest we
defected to Iran i'm already fought on
the Iranian side during the iran-iraq
war is political party has various
allegiances are Tehran in fact he was
videotape kissing the hand of the
iranian supreme leader will happen to
repeatedly vows to destroy America and
Israel and its allies State Department
in it in the cable said that they are
married to use to kill people using it
electric drill on this goal to think
that's true i can't comment on
classified documents or information but
i can tell you is I heard from a wide
variety of Iraqi sources that indeed the
butter coronary had a preference for
using power drills to kill their victims
is areas now become known as the the
killings are because anyone is still
here we assume to be Isis or a nice is
supported and the civilians who fled
over 80,000 fled so far who are Sunni
afraid to come back because they say
that these guys just assume there is
because they're sitting and will will
kill him
the arguments that is being made by
Washington is that we are not
cooperating directly with the militias
that where we are doing is we are
backing the Iraqi government but in
reality what's happening is the Iraqi
government is fully penetrated by these
Iranian sponsored groups and many of
them are now in charge of the security
services there on the front lines of
these militias they're receiving
American weapons are receiving American
tanks have american air support the
American diplomatic cover so in this
case we are backing the Iranian
commanded Shia militias to defeat Isis
but the Iraqi security forces in the
iranian-backed militias are guilty of
the same atrocities and war crimes that
Isis is known for their beheading
individuals they are torturing and
evidence of this images every day and
yet they are receiving millions of
dollars of advanced military equipment
from united states what you seem to be
saying is that not only should we stop
financing this and acting an Air Force
for these people but we should almost
treat them as a as a very dangerous
enemy they are a critical mass of the
government in Baghdad is a strategic
threat to American interests into a
light interest if you are leveraging one
radical militant Islamist group to
defeat another radical militant Islamist
group that we're going to still end up
with is a radical militant Islamist
group we are creating monsters and these
monsters will come back to haunt us
how did it all happen
oj shall even having a party but you're
just not hammer you're just not gonna
happen during lunch hour charge bar with
me to have lobbied gentlemen that the
how long it costs the Odeon
the Shiite militias are a sign of Iran's
dominance in Iraq today I don't have a
very same with view of the Islamic
Republic but they're there they are
powerful and they are not irrational
they can be dealt with
we have dealt with them after all you
don't make peace with your friends who
make it with your enemies have if pieces
to be made
Iran's influence goes beyond Iraq to
Beirut Damascus and sinai in Yemen all
of which has started its local rival the
US allies Saudi Arabia raising sectarian
tensions throughout the region and the
international coalition including the US
Britain and France stepped up their body
campaign against Isis in the aftermath
of the attacks in Paris one of the
United States oldest rivals is using the
failures in Iraq to take a leading role
and use it for their own strategic
advantage against Australia my critique
my grocer neisseria you should there
sits there like a hospital those laws
don't think we should do it
but when you my Jeep in sure when the 24
th in the stores usually just rumbling
your purchase it is hereinafter give a
welcome Weston but we'll cover that when
you're so national iranian still is
appalling upset extends to me interested
but the Americans anyways let's go ghost
busting wdc at the pieces people wishes
the street lyrics key witness Lucia 332
daftar any work . the initiation garden
believers and that would either which
the way did blue areas that were able to
buy two stories up for Korea but
normally succeeded then we get down
producer is where children i do see what
your classroom right on that you need to
go for much
araku ec2 against random video and
cattle booster instability former
russian president and current prime
minister vladimir putin's right-hand man
dmitry medvedev sat down and elaborated
on Russia's new policy on Isis
los angeles which I gotta exactly like
you eat sushi sports Syria and year
which intestines muscles or two
professional aw crikey como poonam
pandey Muslim people there's always
somebody to go premium particularly in
relation of the catalyst original muscle
pyromania cattle responds only to catch
the testimonial letters to burn that
shit we did to it but machine you rock
and she witnessed two senior studying
American just written by global
footprint mites which we see Lee that I
washed over black euro it transmitted to
release tissues sealed special in you
ass lady it not slip besides Allah Allah
but whereas the US and many others a
targeting Isis Russia's aim is to remove
all opposition to their Ally President
Bashar al-assad and naturally brutal
dictator infamous for using chemical
weapons on his own people
it's just my opinion they will last you
got the most for a more specific punish
you can shoot you serious by awesome and
yes student was next to the question is
not gonna price it by the more serious
the floors gonna do it dear editor check
you with pneumonia in a position to
proceed but practical solution incorrect
we're all good response to an area of
see territory at the classiest of seven
minutes of resolving mural
we were granted access to russian
military forces as they continue to
build up their presence in the region
this is lattakia air base or Russian Air
Base in Syria and there's so much
activity here
no jet taking off constantly and
everyone we've seen so far has gone out
armed with heavy bond can come back
empty we've seen lots of jets leaving
with heavy bombs attached and they're
coming back empty a striking targets
every time they flat system of the
corporation slipper remember a bottle
absolute numbers for his knee was remade
residential insulation was the fuck
mr. Werner store Slaney miss commisso
Victoria completo my baby crying there
is to me
sure will insurance companies to me that
the monotony of media the possibilities
let's take me deeper color or color
wooden designer are supporting student
identity see with so many powers now
involved the chances of the conflict
escalating further great November last
year turkey a member of nater sparked an
international incident when they shot
down a Russian jet that they claim to
enter this airspace Russia the since
move large numbers of much bigger
weapons into Syria
this warship is the fraction of the
Russian black safely this warship with
torpedoes long range anti-aircraft gun
to their no good against Isis members
the Syrian opposition groups you know it
seemed like the Russians are prepared
a war against national armies and navies
not not not just the rebel groups are
supposed to be here for their part
Isis promise attacks against anyone who
joined the coalition against them and
these are promises they have so far
fulfilled the last few months there have
been attacks in Paris in Beirut Russian
civilian airliner was shot down
will there be more attacks do you think
in the future this is not your buddies
this must be a little but you could do a
little LOL adam and the Masaryk Emily
caviar the house of El Paso for toyota
him that someone was living in a pilot
always been a pleasure being in we're
all being shaken will be an arduous
helpful muslimeen least a muscular
whatever cheer or ask about is if you're
behind muscular the muscular and that I
did for your first album is it so you
don't have children halala this stuff up
for an answer
what could do that konami alleged view
item will do whatever our driver that
you could do not offer it up to homie if
I join the party we are going to get my
ability home we're not doing anybody
keep us here how r 8 are no no everyone
today no you're not feel comfortable
down Adam talk about to venture dr allow
you know what I was sinless in you
captured me or either my friends
what would you do it up about Alli
Collis having a popular
up to the United if i say so defeated
then it's no it's a very big if but what
happens next
there are things worse than Isis in
occupation of large swathes of Iraqi
territory
what is worse would be the ignition of a
major unstoppable sectarian denominated
war we are going to hear a lot in the
u.s. is is let them so out there so
Google let them kill each other and and
you're wise always ask that has to go
into be why it might be nice if
cold-blooded to think that all just kill
each other
well they want and whoever emerges on
top the most determined the most extreme
the most ruthless will then turn it
cites to something really tempting that
would be us
two reports out of cars that have been
three attacks and ongoing situation
later i think it is a question of when
not if there is an al-qaeda or Isis
launch terrorist attack on American soil
you just have to look at the thousands
of foreign fighters who carry Western
passports with a capability that
al-qaeda pretty 911 could only have
dreamed of
there are a lot of passionate intensity
'he's out there in the Middle East right
now they will prevail we will not like
the outcome
yeah